I am going to cover all answers to the questions below.

##Describe what you did. This does not mean that you copy and paste from what you have posted or the assignments you have prepared. You need to describe what you did and how you did it.
This week, I started my learning process as early as possible since I missed two assignments in the last unit because of my misunderstanding of due dates. Starting from reading all materials in Chapter 10 to enhance my knowledges on Java Collection Framework, I tried a self-quiz twice in order to prepare for the next graded quiz. I also check an execution of codes showed in self-quiz in my environment and changed the part of the code to get details of each part. Then, I started a programming assignment. The work on SpecllChecker program was interesting for me since I was new to the part of file reading stream and the usage of Java Collection Framework itself. Also, through writing 5 methods to check and suggest the candidate words, I was able to learn a lot about how to manipulate a collection data structure for each type. Then, I completed a discussion forum, and I am writing this learning journal as a last assignment of this week.

##Describe your reactions to what you did.
What I found was that how each activity is connected to each other. Especially, as I am writing this journal, a programming assignment and discussion forum are a great combination to enhance an understanding on the concept of Java Collection Framework. After learning practical usage of Java Collection Framework with writing SpellChecker program, discussion forum can be a great chance to clarify how good and bad each data structure is with our own words. Therefore, I will continue to be careful about the order of doing assignments in order to maximize my learning experience.

##Describe any feedback you received or any specific interactions you had. Discuss how they were helpful.
I got a feedback on my learning journal of Unit3. I was assuming that my post was referring additional questions other than mandatory ones, but the grade did not admit that. Reviewing my posts, I decided to change the style of learning journal to make it clear to cover all mandatory questions and a few optional questions. I believe this format will be obvious to show that my post meets the requirement.

##Describe your feelings and attitudes
My feeling and attitudes on this Unit are very positive. Although I did miss the last Unit assignment, a programming assignment of the last unit was very good to learn about the practical usage of Eclipse. My purpose of this work is not to get a good grade but to learn the fundamental of computer science to build my career. Of course, it was a bit shocking to miss the last assignment, I am still highly motivated.

##Describe what you learned. What surprised me or caused me to wonder?
My biggest learning of this week is how flexible I can use Java Collection Framework. Throughout writing a program of spell checker, I could learn an actual case that the characteristic of dictionary is suitable to use HashSet. One thing that surprised me in a good meaning is how powerful a debug tool of Eclipse is. Especially in the case that program contains many variables like spell checker, it was very useful to track the changes of state and value of them.

##What happened that felt particularly challenging? Why was it challenging to me? What skills and knowledge do I recognize that I am gaining?
My challenge of this week was to track the write status of values of modified strings when writing a spell checker program. When input words do not exist in the dictionary, suggestion based on some modifications on original words are required. I was not confident on my code to manipulate string with substring methods. And I spent many hours to complete a correct manipulation. The skill I gained here is how to track the status of code with debugging tool. Putting breakpoints to appropriate point is one of the most important things in order to trace mistakes on code efficiently.