- Describe what you did. This does not mean that you copy and paste from what you have posted or the assignments you have prepared. You need to describe what you did and how you did it. Describe your reactions to what you did. Describe any feedback you received or any specific interactions you had. Discuss how they were helpful. Describe your feelings and attitudes. Describe what you learned.

<Answer for the questions above>
I am going to cover all answers to the questions above with sentences below.
What I did in this unit is almost the same as what I did in the last unit; I started from understanding the big image of contents of this unit such as generic programming and BNF parser through reading materials and video lectures. Both of concepts were not that new to me since I have learned an introduction of both concepts in the previous unit, so it was not hard to understand both of them. I really enjoyed the concept of generic programming since it is very powerful concept to realize an object-oriented programming, which can be said as the most important part of Java. There was another interesting part in video lecture. The lecturer said all object is a subclass of object class. I did know this in the context of knowledge but learning about generic programming and how to implement an object type gave me clearer image on this statement. Understanding this part was quite important for me to enhance my comprehension.
Then, I moved onto the quiz part. This unit quiz was not quite difficult for me, since all concepts in this unit are familiar to me. So, I was able to take two full marks in non-graded quiz.
The biggest challenge in this unit was my misunderstanding on the due date of programming assignment and discussion forum. As this week is a national holiday week in my country and it was very different live without any jobs, I lost my mind on the date. I assumed today is still Wednesday although it is Thursday, so I missed to submit those two assignments of this unit, which is very sad and shocking for me. What I have learned this week is to prepare in advance and be careful on the date. I had already finished my programming assignment this week, but it becomes nothing. In order to prevent this anymore, I need to start my assignment early in the week and finish them as soon as possible. Since I finished a debugging and wrote my report about how I used a debugging tool of Eclipse, I cannot help posting my work. Below is an attachment of my Java code with comment about how to fix the program.

<My report about how I used a debugging tool of Eclipse>
  - There were 3 bugs for each sort algorithm. All of bugs were mainly about a mistake of index or conditional statement in loop statement. I added comments about the part that I modified in codes attached.
  - The way I fixed the bugs are quite simple. I put breakpoints on all lines of sorting algorithms. Then, I checked the values of variables whether it works properly with the rule of algorithm of each. As Eclipse debugger helped me a lot to trace in which loop condition what values are stored, the main part of debugging was to understand the rule of algorithm itself. Once I understand it, I just needed to check whether the rule is followed or not.