Memo of Unit1-3
- Exrepssion type of switch statement in Java
  - It can be byte, short, char, and int primitive data types. It also works with enumerated types (discussed in Enum Types), the String class, and a few special classes that wrap certain primitive types: Character, Byte, Short, and Integer (discussed in Numbers and Strings). Note that the expression cannot be a double or float value.
- Which statements are correct regarding Java’s predefined class called Throwable?
- “Subclasses of the class Exception which are not subclasses of RuntimeException require mandatory exception handling.” What are the practical implications of this statement?
- An empty list is a base case for the binary search algorithm. A base case for a recursive algorithm is a case that is handled directly, rather than by applying the algorithm recursively.
- And when recursion is applied during the solution of a problem, it must be applied to a problem that is in some sense smaller—that is, closer to the base cases—than the original problem. The idea is that if you can solve small problems and if you can reduce big problems to smaller problems, then you can solve problems of any size.
- Quick sort performance depends on the executions
  - Average - O(n log n)
  - worst - O(n2)
- What is great about ADT : the implementation does not depend on the program, which makes it easer to maintain.
- Implementing as a private class enables users to ignore what is the linked list is inside of StackOfInts class.
- There are various patterns to implement stack such as using a dynamic array or linked list but it does not effect the usage of stack itself since public interfaces, StackOfInts, are the same one.
- Stack can also be used for postfix expressions in math. This postfix expression is useful for algorithms since the order of components is straightforward. And this is actually used inside of the computer as well as JVM stack machine.

Discussion Forum Unit1
- Who should be responsible for catching and handling exceptions: the computer or the computer program?
  - Exception should be caught and handeld by the compter program. As the definition and behavior of exception shows, catching and handling exceptions is a technique to make the program more robust than the one computer executes by itself and prevent proram from crashing under exceptional circumstances. Rather, it can be said that catching and handling exceptions is responsibility of software engineers who wrote the computer programs. Especially in writing class or method which can be publically used by other programs or engineers, it is almost impossible to set a limitation to prevent all possible errors and exceptions by strangers. Therefore, writing exception handling part is very critical to make the code robust in any situations. On the other hand, it is not good idea to catch and handle all errors and exceptions without reasonable logic to your program. If the code is written in that way, the program cannot stop even when the program work in an unexpected manner and possibly give a wrong result of execution, which is going to cause a misunderstanding of the result by users or another malfunction of other programs. In conclusion, it is resposible for the compter program to catch and handle the error, and more to say, programmers should be carefull to make a reasonable code to catch and handle expected and unexpected exceptions and errors.

Discussion Forum Unit2
- When should you consider using recursive algorithms when writing a program? Discuss in terms of advantages and disadvantages.
  - A concept of recursion is based on the idea to divide the big problem to smaller ones to solve the original issues. Recursive algorithms can take charge of those roles when programming. For instance, in the case that n time executions are required, recursive algorithms can be very powerful. The most typical example is binary search. Binary search is an algorithm to divide many elements into two groups and judge whether a midpoint value is a target element or not. And if the case is not true, it will abandon the half of searching group and call the function again to the rest of the group. As you can see, binary search is good for searching a target from the vast number of elements. The more elements exist, the more efficient. This is the advantages of recursive algorithms in general. On the other hand, there are some disadvantages of recursive algorithms as well. In general case of recursive algorithms, it is necessary to make a list of elements to search mutable. Since programs call function recursively with to the smaller pieces of elements, the value to be taken to the recursive function should be divided into smaller ones gradually. This can be said to be a limitation or constraints of recursive algorithms, rather than disadvantages. In addition, from the aspect of computing resources, calling functions for many times in recursive algorithms consumes memory stack more than calling one function with many for-loop executions. This can be a disadvantage of recursive algorithms.

Discussion Forum unit3
- Using ADTs (abstract data types) has advantages for program modularity. Discuss.
  - Abstract data types can be said as a customized set of data and operations without depending on any specific implementation of code. What is great of ADTs is this part; the implementation does not depend on the program, which makes it easier to maintain and debug for software engineers (Eck, 2019). Also, implementing ADTs as a private class enables users to ignore what is the linked list is inside of its class. For instances of ADTs, as textbook of this course shows, there are various patterns to implement stack of integer such as using a dynamic array or linked list, but it does not influence the usage of stack itself since public interfaces, StackOfInts, are the same one. Therefore, there are advantages of ADTs for both those who create and who use class made with the concept of ADTs. As for the creator side, engineer can focus on the logic and algorithm of inside of them. In the case of stack of int, the method of stack should implement is fixed based on its concept, so what software engineer who develops this code cares can be focused on the performance of the code or other aspects. As for the user side, it is quite a simple to use the class and method inside of them. That is, engineers who use the code to develop other software only care what is the input and output of the code. Also, for both sides, ADTs can mitigate a risk to break data inside of program since users can only see the input and output of the class. These are advantages of ADTs. Lastly, although this is just my guess, this concept is similar to the other powerful concept of computer science, that is, encapsulation. The concept to create abstract model hiding inside of its code is exactly the same as the one discussed above.

Memo of Unit4
- Collection<T> is only an interface, not a concrete class, the actual implementation of the method is left to the classes that implement the interface.
- Every object is an object. The top parent class is an object class.
- What equal method of object class does is to check whether it's in the same memory location or not. So if program needs to compare the values, it is necessary to define euqal method in subclasses of object class.


Memo of Unit5
- Collection classes, such as ArrayList or LinkedList, implement the interface List<T>, which implements Collection<T>.
- Collection classes are classes that implement interfaces of collection framework such as List and Set. Map does not inherit from Collection interface. A Map is not a Collection, and maps do not implement all the operations defined on collections. In particular, there are no iterators for maps.
- The reason why List interface is implemented by two collection classes is that each implementation has each advantages in terms of efficiency. Decisions about which to choose depend on what type of operations is executed.
- As for operations of lists, fundamental methods such as get, add, or set in Collection<T> are implemented. Also, each ArrayList or LinkedList has the own additional methods.
- Collection classes, such as TreeSet or HashSet, implements the interface Set<T>, wich implements Collection<T>. The same case is in Map, HashMap and TreeMap.
- Hashtable : 名札（キー）をハッシュ関数に放り込んで、出てきたハッシュ値を添字に持つ配列の要素に値を入れる。衝突といって別のキーでも同じインデックスが生成されてしまうこともある。そういうときはLinkedListを使って格納したりして回避する。
- "Set<String> myset = new Set<String>();" is wrong, since Set as well as List and Map is an interface which cannnot be instanciated.

Discussion fortum of Unit5
- When writing a data structure, what should be our guidelines for choosing the right Java Collection?
  Firstly, I need to give an entire picture of the relationship of each component of Java collection framework. Java collection framework is used to implement various data structures without being familiar with the details of each structure itself. Collection classes such as ArrayList or LinkedList, implement the interface List, which implements Collection. Collection classes are classes that implement interfaces of collection framework such as List and Set. On the other hand, Map does not inherit from Collection interface. A Map is not a Collection, and maps do not implement all the operations defined on collections. In particular, there are no iterators for maps. As for the List interface, the reason why List interface is implemented by two collection classes is that each implementation has each advantage in terms of efficiency. Decisions about which to choose depends on what type of operations is executed. As for operations of lists, fundamental methods such as get, add, or set in Collection are implemented. Also, each ArrayList or LinkedList has the own additional methods. All of these cases with List interface are true to the Set interface. Collection classes, such as TreeSet or HashSet, implements the interface Set, which implements Collection.
  Based on these basic concepts, the guidelines for choosing the right Java Collection are what applications will use those collections. For example, Set interface does not allow duplicate elements, while list interface does. As the programming assignment in Unit5 shows, the use case such as dictionary should not have the identical elements in one collection. Therefore, that kind of program should use Set interface to prevent the duplicate input and unexpected implementation of codes. Let me give another example. As for Map interface, as it stores data with key and values. So, if application requires a data to be stored with the specific type of label such as string data type or so, not just the simple index used in list interface, Map interface is very powerful. Like this, the guidelines to choose the right Java Collection is all about what type of application is developed and what type of data structure is required.


Discussion Forum Unit6
- What are the differences of handling Socket and ServerSocket ?
  - The biggest difference of handling Socket and ServerSocket derives from the difference of each role. As textbook shows, "A ServerSocket represents a listening socket that waits for connection requests from clients. A Socket represents one endpoint of an actual network connection. A Socket can be a client socket that sends a connection request to a server" (Eck, 2019). To make this short and easier, ServerSocket takes a responsibility for a program to work as a server, while Socket is responsible for a program to work as a client. But in order to prevent a common misunderstanding on this point, I would add some points. Based on my words, it is likely to be thought as that ServerSocket instance on server side and Socket instance on client side will communicate with each other. Technically, this is not the case. Actually, ServerSocket instance creates Socket that is used to connect with client socket, so ServerSocket itself does not connects to client socket. To be more specific, ServerSocket waits for client request with accept method since ServerSocket has been instantiated. When receiving a request from client, it returns new Socket instance that will actually connect to the client socket. Then, server will again wait for other requests from clients. This difference of role is represented in how to write those objects. While ServerSocket takes only port number to listen to requests from clients, Socket takes server name and port number. These are the differences of handling Socket and ServerSocket.
  - Lasty, I want to write down what I thought when I learned the process of server - client connection of Java program. When learning it, the first thing that came up to my mind was the concept of 3-way-handshake. This is the very common concept used in TCP/IP, but technically, TCP/IP is the field of OS layer, not an application such as Java programs that I am writing. So, my guess is that JVM makes it possible to use the kernel function of OS such as Linux written in C language, even the original application is written in Java.


Memo of Unit7
- Action is an interface that has many properties associated with buttons.
- "The question is, why should you want to use Actions at all? One advantage is that using actions can help you to organize your code better. You can create separate objects that represent each of the actions that can be performed in your program. This represents a nice
division of responsibility. Of course, you could do the same thing with individual ActionListener objects, but then you couldn’t associate descriptions and other properties with the actions. More important is the fact that Actions can also be used in other places in the Java API." Not just only for Jbutton but also other GUI components such as JMenuItem or so. So if one property with Action is changed, the change is reflected on both components.
- MVC on Swing
  - Model and view are simple. Model holds the state of component, in other word, data. View is about visualization which needs communicate with Model to know what to be represented by view.
  - Controller is not defined in Swing well. It is seperated into several objects. "The controller might include mouse and keyboard listeners that respond to user events on the view; Actions that respond to menu commands or buttons; and listeners for other high-level events, such as those from a slider, that affect the state of the component. Usually, the controller responds to events by making modifications to the model, and the view is changed only indirectly, in response to the changes in the model."
- ResourceBundle is used for an i18n of code with excluding a localizational data from source codes.


Discussion Forum Unit7
- The Model-View-Controller design pattern decouples data access, business logic, data presentation, and user interaction. Discuss.
  - MVC is very basic but important concept of software architecture spread in these years. As the textbook shows the word of "division of responsibilities", MVC takes a role to separate responsibilities of each component of program (Eck, 2019). View has a role of data presentation, Model has a role of data access which can be said as current state of the component as well. Controller takes a role of business logic, in other words, an action taken with the trigger events by users or other programs. As a textbook shows, model and view are relatively simple to understand based on Java code. As for model, the state of button in Swing can be represented as ButtonModel object which stores the data like whether button is enabled or selected or not. As for view component, many of GUI components of Java take a role to have various type of representations of the model. It is too many to raise examples so let me move onto the controller part. Compared with previous two parts, controller is not well defined in Java Swing components since the role of business logic or actions and control of data based on triggers must be split into several objects (Eck, 2019). For instance, controllers include an event listeners such as accpet() method in socket class that detects a request from other sockets as event triggers, and also include a change to the state of object model, which eventually changes the view of it. I guess programming assignment of unit7 shows a good example of minimal MVC component; handleConnection method controls the requests from client and changes the variables data which can be said as a model, and pass them to the PrintWriter method which takes a role of view. Since this is very minimal, one class includes all 3 roles, it is common or better to program each class based on the concept of these three roles.


Discussion Forum Unit8
- When developing new software, we should take into account how to create a specific "Look and Feel" per customer. What are the advantages of using Java GUI?
  - It is generally said that Java has many GUI framework starting from Swing that we used in this course to JavaFX which is the latest GUI framework for Java. But on the contrary of this opinion, there is some opinion like Java GUI such as Swing is outdated and legacy framework, which is not worth learning. Actually, in my country or community, there is not so many young generations who prefer to study Java and its GUI component in their universities. But once we look into the actual companies or applications, there are many of Java codes and many of legacy Java swing application are still supported and enhanced. It is hard to find an alternative to it. Also, as I am an infrastructure engineer, my preference is not always on how new the technology is, but on how long the technology has been working. Being a legacy application means the technology has worked for many years and spread across the world, which is totally a positive thing. This is what I thought on Java GUI framework.



References:
Eck, D. J. (2019). Introduction to programming using Java, version 8.1. Hobart and William Smith Colleges
Stack overflow. (2014). Retrieved from https://stackoverflow.com/questions/24442672/is-swing-still-in-use-today

Difference between list, set and map in Java. GeeksforGeeks. (2021, September 27). Retrieved May 11, 2022, from https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-list-set-and-map-in-java/