## Describe what you did. This does not mean that you copy and paste from what you have posted or the assignments you have prepared. You need to describe what you did and how you did it.
- I have completed all required assignments of this unit. My strategy this week was to seek for the best order of completing assignment. As I followed the couse listed order in the portal starting from reading assignments, it took a lot of time to grasp the entire image of learning contents, since I am not familiar with the learning from texts. I realize my self as rather an object-based learner, which is the person who are motivated to learn based on specific issues or problems. Therefore, I needed to know what is the issue of this week. The answer lies in the programming assignment and discussion forum every week. So I went through the statements of both assignment to know what is required this week, and I got the important point that we need to know much about recursion this week. Keeping that in my mind, I also went through self-quiz before reading the textbook. I was not able to answer many of quizes, but it gave me clear image of issues that I should tackle with. Then, finally, I started to watch video and read textbook to learn details of this unit. This is how I proceeded my learning this week and I believe this is the most effective for me so far.

## Describe your reactions to what you did
- My reactions to my work, especially programming assignment, is very positive. I guess I was able to complete all requirement of the output, and I really enjoyed checking the grammar of sentences produced by my code more than 10 times.

## Describe any feedback you received or any specific interactions you had.  Discuss how they were helpful
- First of all, thank you for your feedback of my learning journal in the uni1. As I had been absense from the course for two terms, I almost lost my memory on how to complete a learning journal so I used an old format. But you make me realized I should follow this course's format. Also, I got some positive feedbacks on the discussion forum of this unit and also full marks for the programming assignment of the last unit. These are the what I got through the work of last two weeks.
## Describe your feelings and attitudes
- My feelings and motivations on the learning of this course stay very high since the course content is what I wanted to learn. Especially I cannot wait the week 5 since I am strongly interested in network field.

## Describe what you learned
- My biggest learning is the concept of recursion. Though I had knowned the concept itself since this week learning, I was not familiar with the details of them. Especially, applying the concept of recursion in the real world is quite new to me. Also the way to approach to difficult problems in real world by deviding them into smaller and easier ones is very insightful to me. This is not only a case for computer science or program wrting but also business or our life itself.

## What surprised me or caused me to wonder? What happened that felt particularly challenging? Why was it challenging to me?
- My biggest challenge of this week in the programming assignment. Although it was not difficult for me to understand the concept of recursion itself, I was very confused to understand BNF format. But one thing helped me a lot is the fact that I am a non-native English speaker. Since I am Japanese, I have learnt English as my second language. And English education in Japan puts an emphasis on learning grammars rather than speaking or listening. This education system has been criticized since we need to be able to speak more even if the grammar is not perfect. But this time, I thank to the education since I was familiar with the structure of English in terms of linguistic.