I am going to cover all answers to the questions below.

##Describe what you did. This does not mean that you copy and paste from what you have posted or the assignments you have prepared. You need to describe what you did and how you did it.
This week, I started my learning process with preparing for graded quiz, since it is very important for the final grade. I did complete multiple reviews on practice quizzes of the last 3 unit. I found my weak point was about the concept of Java Collection Framework. So, I reviewed the reading materials and programming assignments of the unit. Then, I completed a graded quiz with full marks. Then, I started a programming assignment. The work on text panel program was interesting for me since I was new to the part of GUI programming. Understanding how GUI application is composed of was a bit hard for me, but it was nice learning. Then, I completed a discussion forum, which was also really nice chance to understand the slight but important difference between Socket and ServerSocket. It gives how client and server is communicating with each other in Java programming level. Finally, I am writing this learning journal as a last assignment of this week.

##Describe your reactions to what you did.
I felt the part of programming assignment has become more difficult than the one of last week. Since it has combined many of the components that we have learnt so far in this course such as ArrayList, GUI, Input and Output or so, it made me feel tough to get an entire picture of the program. Also, the part 3 of the assignment required us to hit on a creative idea with program, which is the thing that I never achieved. Until this week, I had done the thing that meets only the requirement. So, generating a new feature was challenging for me. Based on these two points, this week's programming assignment was a good opportunity to grow as an engineer.

##Describe any feedback you received or any specific interactions you had. Discuss how they were helpful.
I got some feedbacks on my discussion forum this week. Peers give a nice and kind comment on my post, and one of peers also gave a new information about how 3-way-handshake is emulated Java which helped my understanding. Also, my post was given full marks from my instructor, which really motivates me. So, I am going to continue this learning process for the rest of this unit.

##Describe your feelings and attitudes
My feeling and attitudes on this Unit are very positive as well as the last unit. I have finished my assignments on schedules and got positive feedbacks. Above all, the topic of client and server communication this week was very interesting topic for me. As my main curiosity is on the low level layer of computing, the topic of this unit has highly motivated me.

##Describe what you learned. What surprised me or caused me to wonder?
My biggest learning of this week is how client and server communicates with each other in Java. Throughout writing a discussion forum post, I could learn how server listens to the request from client and handle multiple requests. One thing that surprised me in a good meaning is how GUI program is composed of with Java. I did not have a clear imagine the usage of each component as a program and it was difficult for me to trace an existing program, but the work was a good chance to learn about GUI program of Java.

##What happened that felt particularly challenging? Why was it challenging to me? What skills and knowledge do I recognize that I am gaining?
My challenge of this week was how to write an additional program to the existing programs. As I have realized since the assignment of Turing machine or so, I am not used to reading codes yet. Especially, if I do not understand what the program wants to do, the difficulty gets higher. This week, I was not able to understand what is the meaning of "program can hold multiple items". I misunderstood it firstly, so I tried to place multiple text input in GUI panel which did not work well. But reading a document to till the end gave me a hint about the entire program and I managed to complete it somehow. Therefore, my learning I gained this week is that reading through documents till the end and understanding what program wants to do are important to understand existing programs and write additional parts to them.
