##Learning Journal of Unit3
Describe what you did. This does not mean that you copy and paste from what you have posted or the assignments you have prepared. You need to describe what you did and how you did it.
Describe your reactions to what you did. Describe any feedback you received or any specific interactions you had. Discuss how they were helpful. Describe your feelings and attitudes.
Describe what you learned.
======
I am going to cover all answers to the questions above with sentences below.
What I did in this unit is almost the same as what I did in the last unit; I started from understanding the big image of contents of this unit such as “what is ADT and how it is useful” through reading the introduction of this course. Then, I proceeded to complete a reading and video materials to get more details of those topics. What impressed me was the detail of ADT explained by the example of StackOfInt class. Implementations of the class with two patterns of data structure, array list and linked list, gave me a clear image about what is ADT and how ADT hide the actual implementation inside of its code.
Then, I moved onto the non-graded quiz part to check my knowledge I learned from those materials. Then, I challenged the graded quiz. There was an unexpected challenge I faced at this part. I was not aware of starting the graded quiz since I assumed that I was on the page of non-graded quiz. Then, I left my desk and prepared another cup of coffee. When I came back to my desk, the timer shows I have only 15 minutes for the test. I was very shocked, but I changed my mind as quickly as possible. As a result, I managed to finish the quiz in time. I do not want to experience this again, so I am going to be very carful on whether I am on the page of graded quiz or non-grade quiz.
Finally, I started to finish the lab part. Since I am a big fan of the movie, “The Imitation Game”, this week lab was very exciting for me. I had been ignorant about what Turing Machine is, but now I have some sense of understanding on it. There were mainly two difficult parts of this lab I faced. The first one was the concept of double linked list itself. When I started to write a code of tape class, I totally misunderstood the concept of double linked list. I wrote a code that prepares the array list of cell class and I was trying to use an index of the list to manage the position of cell in the tape. This is how I misunderstood the concept of double linked list, that is, for what purpose “previous” and “next” fields exist in the cell class. After modifying the misunderstanding, I faced another one. My tape code class did not work with TestTuringMachine.java. My tape code could not pass the first machine since applicableRule became always null, after the first iteration has finished.  It was very tough to solve this problem since I followed the code line by line and used a debug mode to understand what value is inside of each field such as rule.currentContent, rule.currentState, currentContent, and currentState, but I could not find the reason why the condition of if-statement was not met in the third iteration of the for-loop. As I asked to University of the People community, one of the peers gave a clue to solve the issue. My mistake was that I skipped to assign the blank space to a content field inside of moveRight and moveLeft method. This caused an assignment of null to the currentState in the part of the code above, which resulted in the failure of pass the requirement of if-statement. I was very impressed with the kindness and help of the community I asked, so I decided to contribute to the community as well.