1. Describe what you did (This does not mean that you copy and paste from what you have posted or the assignments you have prepared. You need to describe what you did and how you did it), what you learned, your weekly activities, in what ways are you able to apply the ideas and concepts gained, and finally, describe one important thing that you are thinking about in relation to the activity.
   - I started this unit learning as usual, starting from reading through materials and watched video lectures. Then I moved onto the programming assignment part. I learned the process of normalization deeply in this assignment, since this is the first time for me to practice an actual implementation. Although I trace the process of 3 phases of normalizations in the last unit, it was a very good learning for me to do it actually with the content that I have been familiar with, a hospital software system. My biggest challenge in this assignment was the judgement of whether the tables need normalization is or not. I did understand how the processes are taken, but it is not always the situation that all three steps have to be taken. As I skipped a 2 normalization form in the assignment, there is a situation that tables are already in normalized form. So, I had to truly understand in what condition which phase of normalization is required. After completing a programming assignment, I practiced a quiz part. As I made 3 mistakes in the last week graded quiz, I solved twice in order to cover all potential questions in the future exam. Lastly, I completed a discussion forum and deepen an understanding on fundamental of SQL. Although I have a slight experience on SQL writing, it is a good chance for me to review the basic concept with structured reading materials and build my thesis on the discussion topic.

2. What are the implementation problems of Dates and Times data types? Discuss solutions for these problems.
   - One of the most famous problem in the field of timestamp in Unix base system is "the 2038 problem". The 2038 problem is "the time encoding error that will occur in the year 2038 in 32-bit systems. This may cause havoc in machines and services that use time to encode instructions and licenses. The effects will primarily be seen in devices that are not connected to the internet" (Thakur, 2022). To make a long story short, the timestamp in Unix base system is the elapsed seconds since an epoch of Unix on 1 Jan 1970, expressed by 32 bit binary number. Therefore, the maximum amount of time that the data type can cover will be reached on 03:14:07 UTC on 19 January 2038. Therefore, when this time has come, all of systems depending on this Unix timestamp data type will crash. There are some solutions on this problem. For example, a change of the data type to 64 bit integer. If we can use 64 bit, it is possible to use the data type until the far future, so I can say the problem is solved.


Thakur, V. (2022, January 19). What Is The 2038 Problem? Science ABC. https://www.scienceabc.com/innovation/are-smartphones-immune-to-digital-viruses.html