# Learning Journal on Unit 2
## Business Scenario of case study with diagram
- Judging from 5 entities of diagram, this is likely to be a scenario of customer relationship management database of manufacturer. Let's say this manufacturer as Toyota to get clearer image. And stores can be said as dealers in this context. Items can include many types ranging from automobile itself to wheel or other accessories. Then, there must be many deals with customers across the world. Under this situation, Toyota hopes to manage a customer data to make effective selling strategy based on the purchase information. So, Toyota, our client, hopes to have 5 entities to manage all needed information. As for the entity of the customer, the data can be gathered through various channel, not only a real visit to the car dealer shop, but also online marketing campaign such as SNS or so. So not all customers have purchased items from Toyota, which is the reason why a relationship between customer and sale is optional, and sale can be one or more since one customer can make purchases multiple times. In addition, this system requires email address of customer as a mandatory input. This might be based on the online marketing strategy. But if there is a possibility to gather a customer data through offline shops, there might be some people without even email addresses such as elderly people. Therefore, if client hopes to get a wide range of customer data through various channels, making email address mandatory input can damage a flexibility of the entire system in the future. As for the entity of sale, it must be related to the entity of sale item. It is obvious to have data of sold item if any purchase is made by customers, which is why the relationship is mandatory. Again, one sale can include more than one items as the diagram shows. On the other hand, not all sales deal is made through offline store, car dealers. Some of items can be purchased through online store of Toyota. Therefore, the relationship between sale and store is optional, while one store can be related to more than 0 deals. Finally, as for the entity of sale_item, it takes a role to associate a specific sale and item with the id of sale and sold item. If the item is not sold, there is no data as a sale_item, so the relationship between them is optional. Also, while item entity includes the data of cost, sale_item marked it as ItemPrice. This may be because selling price and cost is not equivalent. It can be higher or lower depending on the business situations. Therefore, those two data are managed as different attributes. These are the entire picture of a client scenario of this diagram.

## Added a cardinalities for the diagram
